- [**NHLFantasyAssistant Software Documentation**](#nhlfantasyassistant-software-documentation)
  - [**Purpose and Objectives**](#purpose-and-objectives)
  - [**Navigating the Repo**](#navigating-the-repo)
    - [**CSV**](#csv)
    - [**Documentation**](#documentation)
    - [**ESPNData**](#espndata)
    - [MainObjects](#mainobjects)
>
# **NHLFantasyAssistant Software Documentation**
## **Purpose and Objectives**
- My main objective is to try and create a program that optimizes user performance within ESPN Fantasy NHL. 
- I have a rough draft project functioning that generates reports that the user can read to help their decision making.
- My end goal would be to use an LLM to parse these reports and generate possible decisions filtering from best to worst. 
- The LLM would help offer suggestions for making decisions with adding, dropping, trading, starting, and benching their players.
- I would love to make this into an app that displays the same ESPN Fantasy App with additional prompts and tools surrounding the normal app or an extension of some sort if that is not feasible.

## **Navigating the Repo** 
### **CSV**
- Within this folder are CSV files from MoneyPuck.com for this season. 
- The folders include data for each NHL team, line/pairing, skater, and goalie
- There is a data dictionary documentation file written by MoneyPuck included to assist with understanding the different CSV fields. 
- These files are being accessed by the AdvancedFiltering.py file within the Tool_Objects directory.
- The newest focus of the program is based on implementing code using this data.
### **Documentation**
- This is where all software documentation will be kept. 
- Currently includes Markdown files for the Requirements, Design, and Development Phases.
- Also has a Markdown file for listing Action Items as well, like a product backlog.
### **ESPNData**
- This holds some JSON files that are generated by BeautifulSoup4 when running ESPN.py.
- Includes all teams from ESPN with their data in nhl_teams.json.  
- Includes all team rosters from ESPN in nhl_team_rosters.json.
- Unimplemented for nhl_team_standings.json.
- ESPN.py parses the html at select web links for ESPN.com within the NHL category. 
- This portion is very underdeveloped and might be cut with future versions of the product.
- Need for this directory depends on how well the CSV and AdvancedFiltering.py file work together
### MainObjects